I'm hoping it was basically, couple liners
and then you might have realized that you
had some other work to do but
we'll demo that all together right now.
So, to recap, what I asked you to
do is to take this value in here,
inside of the dietList.
And to make that available
to us as a type.
So, I'm just gonna copy and paste that
just to make my life a little bit easier.
But so, I have a type Diet =, and so,
we need to use this pipe operator as sort
of the, it's called a union operator.
So even, though I know that in JavaScript
we typically think of it as or,
it's kind of, how I say this.
It isn't or in this situation, but
when you use this operator with an object,
I will tell you right now
it does not work that way.
So I'm not gonna dive into the why,
there're plenty of types of resources for
you to get into the nitty and
gritty of this stuff.
But if you think of it as the or for
the basic strings and that kinda stuff,
I think that's the easiest
way to think of it.
Okay, so we the diet here and
I ask to augment both things, right?
So, if you go into diet here and
throw that in here.
And with the diet Diet,
that's fairly straightforward.
But the thing is, is if you happen to
go back to any of your other files,
it is very, very mad.
[LAUGH] And that is because, well,
we don't have a diet for any of these.
And so, here's the thing.
One of the things you could do is
we could certainly go in there and
manually add diet.
And say, okay, let's force
a diet attribute and everything.
But that's not always the most
practical thing to do.
And what you wanna do sometimes
with your types is to say, well,
maybe it doesn't have this property,
maybe this is an optional property.
How would we do that?
Well, one of the things you might think
of, right, with our new union operators,
well, we can just say,
we could be undefined.
Maybe this is a way to prevent it
from doing that and then we say,
that does that really do anything?
Not particularly, but this is a way that
typically people would do if people cuz
Tyson was sometime yell at you for
a value, right?
And so sometimes you'll see people try to
define things with the union operator for
undefined.
But the cleaner way to do this,
if you haven't seen this yet,
is the question mark.
This is gonna be introduced
more into JavaScript syntax of,
does this thing exist?
And so within the TypeScript realm, this
basically says, make this thing optional,
doesn't have to appear.
And more importantly, it takes care of
that like, if you don't have a diet and
it's undefined,
it's not gonna yell at you.
So it kinda does two things at once.
So once you add that,
now our Restaurant page is much happier.
And if we go to our dish page,
totally fine, it's good.
But if we decided, okay,
now, this one has a diet,
and I'm gonna call this one Paleo, right?
Well, this time is gonna be, well, by the
way, Paleo doesn't exist on this thing.
But you'll also notice
remember that optional thing,
this is also just the proof
is in the pudding.
You'll see that says diet or undefined.
So that question mark does automatically,
basically,
piece that together for you automatically.
So yeah, if you're ever unsure
you're gonna get a value,
be sure to use that optional operator.